[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: So a little bit about me,
my name is Scott Moss.
This is my third course here with Mark and
Frontend Masters.
Very excited to be back,
especially with Lukas cuz he's the homie.
[LAUGH]
We always just build stuff together.
We've been working together for,
it's been over a year now.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Time flies.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're still friends.
>> Scott Moss: And we're still friends.
So, I'm glad to be here, I'm really
passionate about this technology.
I love just everything JavaScript really,
so Angular 2 is just awesome.
So, I'm gonna be talking to
you guys about the hard part.
That part that nobody wants to do,
the part that's probably
gonna give the most errors.
But I promise you, it's not that bad.
>> Speaker 3: It's not that bad,
it's all bad [LAUGH].
It's not that bad and all that.
>> Scott Moss: It's not that bad.
All right, so we're going to talk about
the tooling because with Angular 2.
Although, you don't need any tooling,
you can just write it in pure JavaScript.
Well, that's not fun,
nobody wants to do that.
So yeah, but
it comes at a cost we have to learn all
this other stuff before we get there.
So, some of the stuff that kinda
goes into building a modern
application not even with just Angular 2.
But just like a modern application even if
using something like React or something.
You're gonna need something
like Module Loading obviously,
because the browser doesn't
support modules of any kind.
And if you don't know why you
need modules, let me know and
I'll tell you why.
>> Speaker 4: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Why do we need
modules?
>> Scott Moss: Why do we need modules?
Well, for encapsulation just like our
components encapsulate logic that can
be reused and shared an application.
We can organize our application that way
too, so now that it's exposed globally.
We can share things and
swap things around.
And we get cool things like asynchronously
loading parts of the application
depending on routing.
We get to share modules across
different applications.
It's pretty awesome, so modules are great.
So definitely you should use some type
of module system there's tons of them
out there.
Webpack, so
Webpack is a bundler that creates
the modules for us to use in the browser.
There is many other ones for
instance Angular, actually the Angular
team recommends using JSPM.
Which I believe actually is
a better way than Webpack.
But at the current time, Webpack just
has better stuff, better plug-ins,
better support.
On he Webpack 2 is on the horizon,
It's really awesome.
So although, I think JSPM is better and
eventually I think it will
just be like to go to.
As of right now I think Webpack is
just a better choice to go with, so
that's what I'm sticking with for now.
But JSPM is awesome too,
I highly recommend checking it out.
Whereas JSPM is also a package manager and
a bundler.
Whereas Webpack is just a bundler,
so it's like two different things.
JSPM will like replace NPM for
you and everything.
It will do all that stuff,
it's kind of crazy.
But that's what the Angular team
recommends so it's worth a look.
ES6, ES5 and then with Angular 2.
We got TypeScript and then typings.
So we're getting into that stuff.
Any question so far?
No?
Okay.
Here's a quiz, what's different about
this logo to an Angular 1 logo?
Who knows?
There's only two things different.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Material design,
[SOUND].
>> Speaker 5: There's no JS.
>> Scott Moss: No,
the version one didn't have JS on it.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott Moss: Anybody else?
>> Speaker 5: The white border around it?
>> Scott Moss: There was a white border,
and what's the other one?
>> Speaker 6: Shadow.
>> Scott Moss: Yep, there's a shadow.
>> Speaker 6: [CROSSTALK] line in
the middle of the angle or something.
>> Scott Moss: Yep, exactly.
There's a shadow on the A,
and a white border.
>> Speaker 6: Sorry.
>> Scott Moss: It's like the third or
fourth different version.
I just noticed it like five minutes ago,
so I figured I'd ask.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so like I said,
there's all this stuff
you gotta jog through or
crawl through to get to Angular 2.
Most of the stuff is optional like
TypeScripts, you don't have to use it.
ES6, optional, Babel,
all that stuff is optional.
Then if you take away all that stuff then
really all you have is RxJS and Angular.
And then even, you can kinda get away
using Angular 2 without even using RxJS.
Not recommended, but
you can get away without using
some of the stuff built into it.
Again not recommended, at that point you
might as well just use like Angular what?
You might as well, there's no point.
Are we wanna grow?
We wanna learn hard stuff, Module Loading.
So, module code is not required with
Angular, like I said you could use ES5.
And you can use your own IFE system,
or whatever you want to do,
you don't need modules.
But it is totally recommended because that
is just how the architecture is built.
Everything is component based, so it makes
sense to have your application module
based to it just fits like a glove,
totally do it.
It can easily interact, it allows us
to use specific parts of the library.
So you know we don't have to load up
all of these scrip tags everywhere and
different paths and different place.
No, we can just use the different modules.
Hopefully the developer
had made the module,
made it in such a way that you
can pick the parts that you want.
Like the new version of Load Ash,
you can load different files
without loading an entire library.
It's pretty awesome, obviously
collisions with namespaces and stuff.
We don't need script tags.
And because modules are not supported,
again, we need some type of
module loader to load it.
Webpack, it's definitely one
of the most popular ones,
it's definitely my favorite one.
The thing about Webpack that I like is
it turns everything into a module, so
not just JavaScript files or
type of your browser.
Everything is a module, images,
CSS files, JSON files, HTML files.
Whatever file you want to the router
it will turn it to a module and
you can load it in any other module.
It's pretty awesome, right?
I think it's dope, so this is why
we're gonna use it because it's very,
very useful.
But again there are other
ones out there notably JSPM.
There is also Browser Pi and
I mean you can probably just build
your own with Gulp if you wanted to.
Maybe mark out your own JS
using some type of UMD stuff.